Love me, like me
Hit me, hit me
Kill me, kill me
Kill me all
I saw, I saw
Blows in my head
The big Tokyo, the big Tokyo
So I'm getting
Turned, turned
The edge of my body
I'm sinking
I saw, I saw
I'm getting
Wild, wild times
Until I'm with you
I'll be far away
Let's say goodbye to the past
Drowning in the music
I admit my imperfect self
A fiction of a easy dream
A lie and a true misfortune
Forgive me for my imperfect love
I don't care, I'll live on in this stage
High tension of the music
Without a rap, I can't be quiet
Love me, love me, love me, love me, love me
We have a sample of the game
Love me, love me
I'm so motivated
Show me, show me
Take me to the top
I so, I so, take you on a date
The best, the best, always
I don't care if you're a fool or a cheater
I don't care about the price
I so, I so, I'm struggling
I'm going to go out and have a good time
I'm going to drink a lot of champagne
I'll be waiting for you.
Farewell, see you again.
I was buying cats.
Continue.
Suddenly, a policeman came to talk to me.
Two, three more people. If we get caught like this, the cats will die.
It was a decision we shouldn't have made. I'm the only one who knows we're winning.
In Iwate Prefecture, Morioka City, in March 2016,
the incident where the mother and two other police officers were found at home.
Andrew Morioka, 2 year old based his knowledge on a survey whereby he directly Transний
The DNA of the victim and the marriage of the knife are the same.
The defense has consistently denied the crime.
Even the evidence of the knife...
I picked it up. It's not mine.
That's impossible.
Because you wanted to look behind, you cut the table and the table.
No. He was once a local and used drugs.
He was once a local and used drugs.
Is that a trauma? Even if it is, you picked it up. A knife with blood? Why?
I was going to deliver it to the police later.
Later?
I know. There is a reason for everything.
But the environment of the defense, the NPO law enforcement officers working in the detention center,
I think it's not a possible story.
NPO law enforcement officers?
The main activities are to provide shelter and self-support to the elderly.
The guard was there to take care of them as a job.
But he doesn't have a salary.
He only gets a year's salary as a salary, and he only pays for lunch and food.
Nevertheless, he is paid 50,000 yen a month as a rent.
Egu.
It seems that there are not many people who have a good income in the house.
And the reason why the order for the weapons was delayed was...
It's a bad decision to call them.
The patrol car and the ambulance...
They'll be a nuisance to the people around us.
That group is pretty gray.
Yeah, they're almost black gray.
But even here, since the disaster recovery funds have been flowing in,
there are more NPO-like people in the business.
It's not surprising that the weapons have been dropped.
There are 12 possibilities that Oe is Shiro.
First, we need to check the organization's activities and tax return.
We need to check all the residents' accounts.
I'll ask Oe about the situation, so you can continue investigating.
Don't you think I'm putting a lot of pressure on you?
And can you buy me a cat?
A cat?
There are so many things to do in the national war, even though the price is cheap.
Yoron is guilty of one crime.
And he's not a good murderer.
He could be sentenced to death.
He's just too good to be true.
Hey, Higuruma-san.
Why did you take this case?
It's okay sometimes.
I'm not good at easy jobs.
Not sometimes.
I'm just doing what I think.
Hahaha, so you're still the same.
It's hard when a boss is not interested in money.
I wouldn't say that you should run a cafe like Takagi-san, but...
But, as usual, have you been like this for a long time?
No it actually worse than before What When he was at home I was in charge of the dangerous driving
Oh, the drinking driving.
The defendant was 19 years old,
and drinking and driving were forced on the people at work.
But the person in charge was forced to talk to the person in charge,
and he couldn't get a bail,
and he couldn't get a bail.
I told you I'd be innocent!
I just said I'd do it somehow.
I didn't say I'd be innocent.
You're tired of me, aren't you?
Stop being a criminal defense lawyer.
It's fine to be a victim of a crime.
But we don't understand the courts and the prosecution.
We're not the ones who should be punished.
But we're the only ones who can do it.
We don't understand the law and the police.
We're the only ones who can do it.
We can't continue until the client is angry.
They are financially and mentally trapped.
It's not impossible for me to win.
What will happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I...
A disaster?
Your Probation Reward's is willful.
Really?
We beat him, eh?
Not yet. I'll be back soon.
I'm sorry.
The stolen items were not found in Oe's room.
There was a person who went missing right after the crime in the NPO.
And the crime scene that the body predicted,
the security camera in the convenience store,
and Oe-san was in the scene, it was a big deal.
I'm glad Oe-san didn't commit suicide.
Mr. Higuruma, thank you very much.
Please forgive me.
Besides, I'm still breathing.
It's not that...
Thank you for believing in me.
The next day.
The defense has to act with limited budget and number of people.
The police will give evidence with tax and manpower.
That's good. That's the way it works.
However, reports from the policeENTITER had not been provided in the second trial.
Present actually did not come clean.
That was wrong.
So judge decided to supplement their theories.
Joke, read, or thought, went wrong.
This trial has always been a crime.
Why do you...
...see me with those eyes?
What will happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I don't want to be a victim of the evil.
I've always felt that I was strange.
I can't leave it alone.
That's the only thing that hasn't been fixed.
The goddess of justice closes her eyes for the sake of equality under the law.
People close their eyes for everything for the sake of their own good.
In the midst of that, I want to keep my eyes open so that I don't shake off the hand that has been clinging to me.
I want to stay.
If this verdict is not approved, please submit the statement of appeal within 15 days including today.
Mr. Higuruma?
All of you, go back.
Let's start over.
The sun is shining in Shinjuku.
It's in Ikebukuro.
Shinjuku.
Itadori is heading there.
Ikebukuro?
Is Shiguro there?
I wonder if he's still there.
It's a little late.
I wonder when he'll bring the next one.
What No no It nothing Then what is it Like this
Why are you so quiet?
You can just laugh.
Ah, I shouldn't have said that.
I didn't say it, but...
Why can't I understand?
Are you stupid?
They don't study or exercise much, but they have a lot of pride.
You just have to keep up with them so they don't hurt you.
That way, you won't be a burden to the others.
Sometimes, you can have good feelings.
Stop it.
There's another idiot.
You're the one who's talking about that?
I guess I'm not a good person to talk to.
Judo!
I'm against violence!
I'm not a monster!
And you?
Me?
Hey!
What?
If you're going to go through Ikebukuro and get to Shinjuku, stop.
There's a lot of supplies around here.
The chance of encountering the player is increasing.
There are two reasons for passing through here.
It's easy to understand the way.
There's my base nearby.
Let me take a shower.
I haven't rested well since yesterday.
The fire engine is based on this theater.
I wish it hadn't moved.
Oho! You really saved me! Thank you!
Wait!
What?
Are you really going?
I want to meet up with my friends, but I'm in a hurry.
I've never met a sun wheel, but that Haba-san was once beaten by a Kotenpan.
Then it's okay. I won against a Heliatama, so I can run away.
See you!
No, I'm not saying that.
I'm not going to do this anymore.
I'm sorry, Itadori.
Ah...
...Kiguruma?
Unfortunately, I'm a Regi.
You were tricked.
What's with that face?
I'm not scared at all!
I told you, you're a Regi!
Shut up!
Oho!
Time is a waste.
Who are you? What are you doing there?
You too.
Have you ever taken a bath in your clothes?
No.
It feels better than I thought.
That's right.
I liked to do diving classes when I was in elementary school.
Recently, I've been trying to do things that I thought I shouldn't do.
I've been out of shape for more than 30 years.
Oh, you're here.
It's a little interesting.
You're Higuruma, right?
Yes, I am.
I want to talk to you.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm a lawyer.
If you talk to me, you'll get a 30-minute consultation fee of 5,000 yen.
What?
No, I'm kidding.
I just wanted to answer a lawyer who didn't like me.
I see.
This guy...
You have a perfect score, don't you?
He's not a past master of Jyusushi.
He's a modern master of Jyusushi, who has been transformed by Jyusushi.
We can talk about this.
We have time to negotiate.
Well, you passed.
It's okay now. I understand.
That Shikigami is quite strong.
It's not easy to kill someone with a sword.
You're welcome, you can be my friend.
What's that? I didn't hear you.
What do you mean?
How much do you know about the Shimezu Kaiyuu?
It's a ritual.
It's a ritual to use the power of the players in the barrier to give the people of Japan to the
I-I thought you were there...
A magician involved in the sword.
Um simply We want to end the world of Tanma Rather than ending it I want to make the forced killing impossible
Please let me use the 100 points of the fireball in addition to the rules for that.
I'll say it simply, too.
I refuse.
Is that a joke?
No. I just feel the possibility of the Shime-tsukai.
I believe in the power of the law.
Sometimes the law is powerless.
But what about the rule of the
Shime-tsukaiyuu?
If the power given to me is real,
then the rule is real, too.
I'm using the power of the player you just said.
It's probably a bluff.
What?
No, I think it's a plan of the second and third hands rather than a bluff.
The basis is three.
The number of players,
The rules of the barrier.
If about 1000 players are evenly divided into 10 colonies, each colony has 100 players.
However, among the players and the sorcerers, there are some who are as weak as a casimo or a fireball.
With just these two, 60 sorcerers have already been taken.
There must be one similar group in each colony.
Only the strong remain at an early stage.
I felt that the death of the enemy would be a success.
The barrier was too quiet.
It's already...
At least, this is the first episode of Tokyo.
In addition, the transfer when you enter the colony.
There must be a purpose to scatter people, but the first one is to encourage the early double awakening of modern magicians.
Some people will die from the transfer.
If you really want to use the power of the player, you should want to fight longer and longer with more and more of the Jutsu.
There is no need for a national or a national order.
If the one who broke the rules would be punished like a physical law without fighting for justice, wouldn't that be wonderful?
I admit that the rules have problems, but I want to watch over the system of the Kaiyuu.
It's a problem if it ends soon.
Especially the rule 2 and 8, the rule of the rule of the rule,
I want to see it once.
I think you'll die if you break the rule.
The death of the world is a ritual itself.
If you're still here, all the people in this country will die.
You're a fool.
The death of the world is a song of the Aesop.
I don't understand that either.
I'll change the way I say it.
Use the Hundred Spades.
Higuruma!
You killed someone you don't like?
You seem to be more comfortable than I thought.
Shikigami?
Higuruma is a 100-point holder.
He might have killed 20 people.
I can't jump into the darkness.
I have a small hand, but I can handle any kind of attack.
The
area
is
a
dead end
.
The
front
is
hidden
in the
real
plan
.
This
is
certain
.
The
strong
are
the only
left
to
the
Will the palm of your hand become the original?
I'm being swallowed up by the waves that push me forward
Will the end come as I break the future?
If I'm crushed, torn apart, and crumbled to pieces
I'm not afraid of anything, because I'm already empty
So, I'm sure you'll erase this day for sure
I don't want anything anymore
I'm afraid to lose it again
It's almost morning, but the fog remains unhealed
I'm sure I'll face the unmoving outline
While tracing it
Subtitles by the Amara.org community